MTM-57995 Change log for microservice-based Data Broker message forwarding bug fix (#1831)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/data-broker-10-18-540-83-fixed-issues-with-microservice-based-data-broker-message-forwarding.md

> ---

Reviewer: @rohitjoshi-softwareag This file needs to go into the 2024 release branch "release/y2024" with a second PR. Please remove it from here.

Author: Done.

date: 2024-03-28T09:47:57.877Z

> title: "Data broker microservice resumes message forwarding after re-connection to the Messaging Service"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Data broker microservice resumes message forwarding after re-connecting to the Messaging Service"
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-V6J_FcOT2
    label: Data broker
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-57995
version: 1018.540.83
---

> Resolved a defect where the microservice-based Data Broker might fail to forward messages to the destination tenant after recovering from a temporary loss of connection to the Messaging Service. This connection loss could be caused by, for example, a transient network interruption or by maintenance on the Messaging Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An issue has been resolved where the microservice-based data broker might fail to forward messages to the destination tenant after recovering from a temporary loss of connection to the Messaging Service. This connection loss could be caused by, for example, a transient network interruption or by maintenance on the Messaging Service.
```
